README.md, before:

# Ridley CSL Style [![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/daggmano/ridley-csl-style.svg)](https://travis-ci.org/daggmano/ridley-csl-style)

This project provides a CSL style suitable for Ridley College.  It is based on the Society of Biblical Literature (2nd Edition, full note) style, but with tweaks
to better match Ridley's specification.

## Running Tests ##

Download or clone the repo, and from a terminal window `cd` to the root folder of the project.  Restore the required node packages, and then run the tests.

    npm install
    npm test

Note that the use of `PhantomJS` may cause issues. If you are unable to run tests using the above command, you can run the tests through Chrome.

    npm run chrome

## Notes on Zotero and 2018 Ridley Student Manual ##

### Example 2.3.4 ###
As Zotero does not have a `shortContainerTitle` field for dictionary entries, the short container name (`DJG` in this case, cited in the First Footnote citation) is placed in the `Note` field (appears as `Extra` in Zotero).

### Example 3.9.2c ###
Zotero does not support multiple publishers / places. In order to include two (or more) publishers, one method (and the method used for the test) is to combine the first publisher and the second publisher and place into the one field. For example:

    Place: Grand Rapids
    Publisher: Eerdmans; Nottingham: Apollos

### Example 3.9.2e ###
Classic works have been excluded from this CSL style at this point. The fix would require labelling the entry with type `classic`, which can be done easily enough (e.g. by entering `type: classic` in the `Notes` / `Extras` field), as well as some other additional entries. However, the `classic` type is not part of the standard CSL specification - it is part of the CSL-M extensions. Zotero throws validation errors if a CSL style using CSL-M extensions is used, and with the additional complexity in entering document details, it is felt that at this stage, classic works can wait until a later version of Zotero.

### Example 3.9.3 (i) ###
To include the text `Kindle edition` in the citation, this text should be placed in the locator specification. For example:

    Kindle edition, ch. 14, ‘Parables: Interpretive Method’


More information will be added as the author gets time...

Commit message:

Corrects behaviour for multiple references, ibid page display.
Fixes #3, #5

README.md, after:

# Ridley CSL Style [![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/daggmano/ridley-csl-style.svg)](https://travis-ci.org/daggmano/ridley-csl-style)

This project provides a CSL style suitable for Ridley College.  It is based on the Society of Biblical Literature (2nd Edition, full note) style, but with tweaks
to better match Ridley's specification.

## Running Tests ##

Download or clone the repo, and from a terminal window `cd` to the root folder of the project.  Restore the required node packages, and then run the tests.

    npm install
    npm test

Note that the use of `PhantomJS` may cause issues. If you are unable to run tests using the above command, you can run the tests through Chrome.

    npm run chrome

## Notes on Zotero and 2018 Ridley Student Manual ##

### Example 2.3.4 ###
As Zotero does not have a `shortContainerTitle` field for dictionary entries, the short container name (`DJG` in this case, cited in the First Footnote citation) is placed in the `Note` field (appears as `Extra` in Zotero).

### Example 3.9.2c ###
Zotero does not support multiple publishers / places. In order to include two (or more) publishers, one method (and the method used for the test) is to combine the first publisher and the second publisher and place into the one field. For example:

    Place: Grand Rapids
    Publisher: Eerdmans; Nottingham: Apollos

### Example 3.9.2e ###
Classic works have been excluded from this CSL style at this point. The fix would require labelling the entry with type `classic`, which can be done easily enough (e.g. by entering `type: classic` in the `Notes` / `Extras` field), as well as some other additional entries. However, the `classic` type is not part of the standard CSL specification - it is part of the CSL-M extensions. Zotero throws validation errors if a CSL style using CSL-M extensions is used, and with the additional complexity in entering document details, it is felt that at this stage, classic works can wait until a later version of Zotero.

### Example 3.9.3 (i) ###
To include the text `Kindle edition` in the citation, this text should be placed in the locator specification. For example:

    Kindle edition, ch. 14, ‘Parables: Interpretive Method’

### Example 3.9.3 (ii) ###
In oder to better display multiple references in a single citation, a period has been added to the end of Blog Post references (if they are the only / last item). See #5.


More information will be added as the author gets time...
